Improve using Radicle doc sections (#16)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/using-radicle/creating-and-sharing-projects.md

title: Creating and sharing projects
---

In Radicle, local Git repositories are published and shared as [projects](understanding-radicle/glossary.md/#project). Projects contain all files of a repository and stores each file's revision history. It also carries a unique, shareable peer-to-peer identitifer known as a projectID.

> [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

Author: Ya, was also wondering. @abbey-titcomb?

> [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

Reviewer: Sorry, should do what exactly?

> [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

Reviewer 2: [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

> [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

Reviewer: I will do that in my iteration. I think it's easier for me to just push all of the images at once!

> [insert picture of projectID under project handle]

Author: Add the screenshots.

## Sharing projects

> Projects can be shared with their projectID. The projectID can be found under the project name on the project page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Projects can be shared with their project URN containing the id. The URN can be copied from the project page.
```

Author: Can we just say: "Projects can be shared with their project URN."? I'm not sure I understand why we need to say "containing the id", as the `URN` *is* the id.

Reviewer 3: We don't have to say the containing part, just wanted to give an alternative that doesn't remove the notion of ID completely. Your alternative sounds well fine!

## Sharing projects

> Projects can be shared with their Radicle. The Radicle ID can be copied from the project page.

Author: ```suggestion
Projects can be shared with their Radicle ID. The Radicle ID can be copied from the project page.
```

Reviewer 3: Why the ID? It's the URN that is shared.

Author: @xla `URN` -> `Radicle ID` as outlined here: https://github.com/radicle-dev/radicle-upstream/pull/1206#issuecomment-724317000.

Reviewer 3: :exploding_head:
